Added an option for positioning icons (left or right) (#69)
mengelbrecht/lightline-bufferline: README.md

If enabled the buffers will be displayed in a reversed order.
Default is `0` (buffers are not reversed).

> ##### `g:lightline#bufferline#reverse_buffer_icons`
> 
> If set to `1`, buffer icons are displayed on the right side of the file name.
> If `0`, it will be displayed on the left side. Default is `0`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### `g:lightline#bufferline#icon_position`

 If set to `right`, filetype icons are displayed on the right side of the file name.
 If `left` or omitted, it will be displayed on the left side. Default is `left`.
 
```
